you suddenly wake up trapped in a dark
room
your only source of light is a candle
there are two doors in front of you
behind one of them
there's a tunnel that will lead you
outside to freedom
behind the other just a cold brick wall
you have a key that will open only one
of the doors
and you can try it just once so how do
you know
which door to try
[Music]
hold the candle up to each keyhole the
flame will move
near the door that leads outside
[Music]
you escape to freedom but you need to
send some important documents to your
friend beth
[Music]
you can't mail them in a regular package
because the precious papers will get
stolen
so you put them in a box and lock it but
beth
doesn't have the key to this lock how
can you send the papers if you can't
send the key to the lock
separately
first send the lock box to beth she'll
attach her own lock
and send the box back to you then remove
your own lock
and send the package again
beth can then remove her lock and
finally open the package
bad news you get a call one morning from
beth
she says the crucial documents were
stolen from her office
they'd been on the desk the evening
before but are nowhere to be found this
morning
you immediately go there to question the
employees
in no time you gathered three suspects
sean said he had been at the movies last
night
michael had taken his girlfriend to an
amusement park
and christina was at a prestigious art
gallery
who's lying
[Music]
sean his movie ticket isn't torn
having been caught red-handed sean makes
a break for it
he opts in his car and drives away law
enforcement
are on the lookout sean sees a police
car right ahead of him
and starts driving toward it why would
he do that
was on a bridge he needed to go toward
the patrol car to get to the other side
and make his escape
no such luck for poor sean he gets
caught and locked up
but he starts hearing rumors of an
inmate planning to break out
the guards have two suspects first
a quiet bookworm who spends most of his
days with his nose
buried in sci-fi novels the second a big
burly tattooed guy who's
always working out who should shawn
become friends with
if he wants to get out of here
[Music]
the bookworm look closer and you'll see
his bookmark is
actually a file
[Music]
on friday afternoon the owner of that
same prestigious art gallery
discovered that four of the most famous
portraits had been stolen during an
exhibition
the police show up to do an
investigation and now
they have three suspects sarah the
artist
said she disappeared into one to the
studios to paint
john the security guard explained he was
just waiting outside
and had no idea the portraits were gone
daniel the caterer stated he was at a
nearby store
picking up extra napkins when the
robbery took place
so who's the thief
[Music]
it's the security guard he couldn't have
known the stolen paintings were
portraits
if he was standing outside
as fate would have it there was another
incident that night
michael who never really liked what
passed for art in modern times
rushed into the gallery and caused
millions of dollars worth of damage to
several paintings
yet the gallery's owner thanked him for
his actions
how come
michael is a firefighter the water from
his hose
damaged several masterpieces but he
still managed to extinguish the fire
and save many more works
they awarded michael a big check in
gratitude
he heads home just in time to get his
five kids
all packed up for a camping trip that
weekend mike and his wife are really
looking forward to having the weekend
for themselves to relax
but when they woke up on saturday they
discovered the check was missing from
their safe
once the officer showed up they
interviewed the three people who were in
the house that morning
the chef said he was in the kitchen
getting school lunches packed
the cleaner said he finished cleaning
quickly that day and left early
the butler had just gotten back after
taking the kids to camp
three hours away who's lying
[Music]
it's the chef it's saturday so there's
no school
and the kids have gone camping
[Music]
meanwhile on the other side of town a
scientist is working on something
bizarre
he invites kevin and claire as blind
test subjects for his new serum
invention
he gives them each a glass of ice cold
lemonade
kevin drinks his fast but claire
apprehensively
waits to see the side effects on him
first after two hours
nothing happens so she drinks her glass
two minutes later her skin turns green
if both the drinks had the serum why was
only claire affected
[Music]
the serum was in the ice since kevin
drank his
fast none of it got in the lemonade
claire runs out of the lab in horror she
gets in her car and speeds off
as she's driving down a long empty road
one of her tires pops off
good thing she has a spare in the trunk
but here's the problem
she now has no lug nuts to put the spare
on with
so what should claire do
[Music]
unscrew one lug nut from each of the
other three wheels
and use them to attach the spare tire
it'll be enough to get to the nearest
garage safely
as claire is putting on her spare tire
the scientist catches up to her
he hands her four pills and tells her
it's a complex cure to the green face
serum
two of the pills are an antidote and the
other two are a catalyst that activates
it
claire must take one of each type
together
if she takes two of the same her face
will stay green
forever just as the scientist is handing
her the pills
he trips and they get all mixed up they
look identical
what should claire do
grind the tablets up mix all the powder
together
and divide it in two parts each half
will have the same amount of catalyst
and antidote
it worked and just in time
the next day claire has a big calculus
exam
but funny enough all the students in the
class refuse to take it
professor miller can expel only one
student for skipping the test
all of them know each other's names if a
student knows
they'll be expelled they agree to take
the test
how can the professor make all the
students take it
she should tell them she'll expel the
student whose name comes first
alphabetically
then this person won't skip the test the
next person on the list won't skip
either and so on
until the end of the list
the next day class isn't any easier
professor miller grabs her cup of coffee
takes a sip goes to set it down and
what's this
it's stuck to her hand somebody put glue
on the cup
and she's got three suspects look
carefully to find out which student
is playing tricks on the professor
sure the first student has an awfully
guilt-ridden look on his face
and the second student's smile looks
just like
pride for a job well done but look
closer at the third student's pocket
yep it's the tip of a glue bottle
professor miller is so annoyed by her
class as shenanigans
she decides to change her career wow
she opens a shoe factory she's so
successful that she builds a second one
in another city
but despite her success the problems
don't end
her employees keep secretly taking shoes
from the plant
what can she do to resolve the issue
[Music]
have one of her factories start making
only left shoes
and the other only right ones
[Music]
one of those shoe swipers is driving a
semi truck
full of shoes to sell for a profit he
comes to a tunnel
and there's a major problem his truck is
just an
inch too tall but he can still drive
through the tunnel
how
[Music]
let some of the air out of the tires
it'll lower the truck
just enough when the shoe swiper gets
through the tunnel
he comes to a fork in the road one goes
to the town
the other to never ending wilderness
there are guides standing at each
the catch one always tells the truth
the other always lies the driver doesn't
know who's who
and he's only allowed one question what
should he
ask to find out which road goes to town
either one of the guides which road the
other would say is the right way
then he must choose the opposite the
truth-teller knows the other will lie
so they'll point the driver toward the
road to nowhere
if he asked the liar they'll know the
other guard would honestly point him
toward the town
so they'll again recommend the road to
nowhere
[Music]
the shoe thief takes the road to town
but he has another puzzle to answer
before he's allowed to enter
the guard at the gate asks him one
simple question
what's the logic in the order of the
following words
fun blue be more and
dive
[Music]
every word rhymes with its number on the
list
fun 1 blue 2 b3 and so on
the shoe swiper finally settles down in
this new town
too bad for him he can only use a pay
phone to make calls
one day the phone breaks he informs the
phone company
but they do nothing he tries again the
next day
same result the third time he finally
gets them to come out and fix the phone
so what did he say
he claimed that people were making calls
without paying